---
layout: post
title:  "마태복음 26장"
subtitle:   "마태복음 26장"
description : "마태복음 26장 1-75"
keywords : "QT"
categories: qt
tags: 1peter
comments: true
---

## 버전별 단락 본문 ( 마 26:1~75 )

<details>
<summary> 개혁개정 (클릭시 확장됨)</summary>
<div markdown="1">

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary> 새번역 (클릭시 확장됨)</summary>
<div markdown="1">

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary> NIV (클릭시 확장됨)</summary>
<div markdown="1">

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary> NKJV (클릭시 확장됨)</summary>
<div markdown="1">

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary> ESV (클릭시 확장됨)</summary>
<div markdown="1">

>* 36 :  
Then Jesus went with them to a place called Gethsemane, and he said to his disciples, “Sit here, while I go over there and pray.”
>* 37 :  
And taking with him Peter and the two sons of Zebedee, he began to be sorrowful and troubled. 
>* 38 :  
Then he said to them, “My soul is very sorrowful, even to death; remain here, and watch with me.”
>* 39 :  
And going a little farther he fell on his face and prayed, saying, “My Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me; nevertheless, not as I will, but as you will.”
>* 40 :  
And he came to the disciples and found them sleeping. And he said to Peter, “So, could you not watch with me one hour?
>* 41 :  
Watch and pray that you may not enter into temptation. The spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.”
>* 42 :  
Again, for the second time, he went away and prayed, “My Father, if this cannot pass unless I drink it, your will be done.”
>* 43 :  
And again he came and found them sleeping, for their eyes were heavy. 
>* 44 :  
So, leaving them again, he went away and prayed for the third time, saying the same words again. 
>* 45 :  
Then he came to the disciples and said to them, “Sleep and take your rest later on. See, the hour is at hand, and the Son of Man is betrayed into the hands of sinners.
>* 46 :  
Rise, let us be going; see, my betrayer is at hand.”
>* 47 :  
While he was still speaking, Judas came, one of the twelve, and with him a great crowd with swords and clubs, from the chief priests and the elders of the people. 
>* 48 :  
Now the betrayer had given them a sign, saying, “The one I will kiss is the man; seize him.” 
>* 49 :  
And he came up to Jesus at once and said, “Greetings, Rabbi!” And he kissed him. 
>* 50 :  
Jesus said to him,  “Friend, do what you came to do.” Then they came up and laid hands on Jesus and seized him. 
>* 51 :  
And behold, one of those who were with Jesus stretched out his hand and drew his sword and struck the servant of the high priest and cut off his ear. 
>* 52 :  
Then Jesus said to him, “Put your sword back into its place. For all who take the sword will perish by the sword.
>* 53 :  
Do you think that I cannot appeal to my Father, and he will at once send me more than twelve legions of angels?
>* 54 :  
But how then should the Scriptures be fulfilled, that it must be so?”
>* 55 :  
At that hour Jesus said to the crowds, “Have you come out as against a robber, with swords and clubs to capture me? Day after day I sat in the temple teaching, and you did not seize me.
>* 56 :  
But all this has taken place that the Scriptures of the prophets might be fulfilled.” Then all the disciples left him and fled.
>* 57 :  
Then those who had seized Jesus led him to Caiaphas the high priest, where the scribes and the elders had gathered. 
>* 58 :  
And Peter was following him at a distance, as far as the courtyard of the high priest, and going inside he sat with the guards to see the end. 
>* 59 :  
Now the chief priests and the whole Council were seeking false testimony against Jesus that they might put him to death, 
>* 60 :  
but they found none, though many false witnesses came forward. At last two came forward 
>* 61 :  
and said, “This man said, ‘I am able to destroy the temple of God, and to rebuild it in three days.’” 
>* 62 :  
And the high priest stood up and said, “Have you no answer to make? What is it that these men testify against you?”
>* 63 :  
But Jesus remained silent. And the high priest said to him, “I adjure you by the living God, tell us if you are the Christ, the Son of God.” 
>* 64 :  
Jesus said to him, “You have said so. But I tell you, from now on you will see the Son of Man seated at the right hand of Power and coming on the clouds of heaven.”
>* 65 :  
Then the high priest tore his robes and said, “He has uttered blasphemy. What further witnesses do we need? You have now heard his blasphemy. 
>* 66 :  
What is your judgment?” They answered, “He deserves death.” 
>* 67 :  
Then they spit in his face and struck him. And some slapped him, 
>* 68 :  
saying, “Prophesy to us, you Christ! Who is it that struck you?”
>* 69 :  
Now Peter was sitting outside in the courtyard. And a servant girl came up to him and said, “You also were with Jesus the Galilean.” 
>* 70 :  
But he denied it before them all, saying, “I do not know what you mean.” 
>* 71 :  
And when he went out to the entrance, another servant girl saw him, and she said to the bystanders, “This man was with Jesus of Nazareth.” 
>* 72 :  
And again he denied it with an oath: “I do not know the man.” 
>* 73 :  
After a little while the bystanders came up and said to Peter, “Certainly you too are one of them, for your accent betrays you.” 
>* 74 :  
Then he began to invoke a curse on himself and to swear, “I do not know the man.” And immediately the rooster crowed. 
>* 75 :  
And Peter remembered the saying of Jesus, “Before the rooster crows, you will deny me three times.” And he went out and wept bitterly.

</div>
</details>


## 버전별 성경 본문 ( 벧전 1:23 )

> **개혁개정**

> **새번역**

> **NIV**

> **NKJV**

## 질문하는 묵상

* Q1) 
* Q2) 

## 묵상
서툰 의사는 한번에 한 사람을 해치지만, 서툰교사는 130명을 해친다. - 보이어

## 정리
* [가까운 교회 안병훈 목사님 블로그 정리내용](https://blog.naver.com/tolerance2018/)

### 감사기도
